incoming yes sir first on the agenda are
thrush caldron cakes over to you Harry
Larry your credit is is Harry it's
complicated
anyway start by whisking together the
dry ingredients then pour out
three-quarters of a cup of soya melts
and add one teaspoon of apple cider
vinegar to curdle and set that aside and
whip together the rest of the wet
ingredients add your curdled milk
boiling sugar mix it together and then
dump it on the dry ingredients yum yum
somebody's not getting a callback
your mini Bunsen because everybody has
the hugs and greasing then stop your
delicious batter into the pan
besides focusing
it's nice
if you have empty spaces then have
filled them with water to ensure that
their neighbors cook evenly bake them in
a 375 degree oven that you preheated
earlier because you're psychic until
they're done if you can't tell when a
cakes done I can't help you melt
together a pile of chocolate chunks in a
quarter cup of soy milk to make a tasty
ganache then dollop it onto the bun hole
that's great hair you should acquit when
you're just slightly behind Larry
coming up next fresh pumpkin pasties
how are those fresh that's canned
pumpkin shut up mix up a cup of canned
pumpkin with half a cup of dark brown
sugar and a quarter teaspoon of pumpkin
pie spice
and add one cup of chopped pecans
then unwrap the package of defrosted
puff pastry dough man they knew about
the puff pastry too and cut it up with a
pizza slicer or a machete whatever you
have on hand lay them out on a baking
sheet like sunbathing Merkel adorable
and top them with a pumpkin filling top
them with more pieces of puff pastry
that's a lot of peas and pinch down the
sides more peas score the top to the
knife or your spear machete then brush
the tops with so I know and sprinkle
them with sugar bake them in a 425
degree oven until they're crispy and
golden to make cockroach clusters you
must first pick up some cockroach parts
aka Cracker Jacks and Shou mein noodles
I'm never gonna eat those again drizzle
them with melted chocolate there are
really no measurements at work here just
eyeball it
and dollop this mixture onto a piece of
parchment paper remain silent you're not
supposed to read that bit but it's very
hand my script never mind
yay chocolate frogs are a no-brainer if
you're willing to spring for a frog
shape mold spring it's funny because I
get it fill the mold with melted
chocolate and then tap it on a hard
surface and let the chocolate set under
view time yes plop two scoops of vanilla
ice cream vegan in this case into your
favorite pint glass because we have
those right right
add 2 tablespoons of butterscotch syrup
and then a bottle of cream soda
sexy shot warning fresh butter beer
floats are likely to attract uninvited
guests hey I know those guys
they owe me money Drako you is for
umbrage sucks and it's whenever tying up
requited I would just compared anta
tough it is for being fires used by
creping code yellow tube is for you now
- and is for no more fun okay is bad
especially for the younger 13 ships PES
provide new what the hottest Weasley you
is from okay and is for nosebleeds users
give apology - why go to class today
what is we are you